you
good people that's our story you've just
seen some met some oh we think it's
about time you meet a lot more
Minneapolis st. Paul our general office
and main operations base more than half
of our 3200 people work here come on
inside
meet some of the good people behind the
scenes see just a few of the things that
go on before your north-central flight
ever leaves the ground this is our
consolidated reservations office you
just might have talked to one of these
gals or guys before hi how are you today
because no matter where on our 9900 mile
system you call from you talk to someone
in their reservations office like this
our escort computerised reservation
system puts flight numbers times seed
availabilities and so on right at their
fingertips
our main computer Center is where all
the information about you and your
flight is stored and with over eight
million dollars invested in our computer
system we use it for a lot more than
just reservations for instance a
computer is tied in directly to National
Weather Service computers mr. IBM also
does a lot of our scheduling everything
from flight times to routine aircraft
maintenance he does her accounting
even pays our good people a handy gadget
to have around
flight control our nerve center where
people make the important our by our
decisions on flight operations they know
the up-to-the-minute status on all 52 of
our aircraft they keep them informed on
whether airport conditions fuel
requirements and so on
hungry yet let's stop for a bite to eat
or perhaps 1,400 bites that's how many
meals we prepare every day here in north
central zone kitchen everything from ham
and cheese on rides of a complete steak
dinner all exceptionally prepared - I
might add listen to what one passenger
took time to write us I'm in the
foodservice industry and I must say this
was one of the finest bills I have had
in an airline Joe our kudos to you
I'll meet some of the guys behind the
wheel our captains and first officer